	The idea for Simulacrums-Whisper came to me while watching YouTube videos made by people about the current state of the country i live in, America. Politics isnt something that i took an interest in growing up, but these past few years it was difficult not to be.
		Being an author of sci-fi novels im well aware of the tedious sometimes agonizing process of "coming up with an idea" is. So when i sat down at my desk to write my next book, i had Youtube on in the background. I was listening to different people talk about the United State, and the political turmoil it was in. I heard words like government shut down, and even civil war. I listened to the opinions on bot sides of the aisle, and realized quickly, that these two groups were not going to be able to have anything resembling a conversation nevermind a debate, and that concerned me. America is America because of its reliability on debate. People voicing there thoughts and opinions without fear. However, what i saw were people being shamed, insulted, slandered, and in some instances having violence commited against them. I saw people forming groups and lines bing drawn in the sand. While this was happening i saw reports on UFO sightings. Not random sightings, but countless recordings of these sightings being recorded all over the world. And then i would watch videos on the progression of A.I.  These reports were just as disturbing as the rest. And while i beleive A.I has the potential of being great, i also see its possibility for being the end. And as i watched, and became invested in it all, the idea finally came to me. Writing another sci-fi novel would not be my idea, a sandbox would be. Simulacrums-Whisper is the sandbox for anyone who has had an idea, an opinion or thought on how to run a country.
		The simulated reality allows for the creation and implementation of any type or creative idea on government you wish to implement upon a nation. It also allows the interactions with A.I to develop safely, and with enough autonomy for A.I to learn social skills prevoiusly aquired with the limitation of events with an outcome. This platform should force A.I to develop a moral compass when making choices within the simulation and not be completely reliant on predictable language. With individual responsibility and consequences tied to their choices they make on behalf of the people they rule over in the counties asigned for them to lead. And while the objective of the simulation is to produce a working government that yields positive results, global communications will be the path that leads to the objective. 
		I encourage all our members to take chances, and experiment. To stop yelling what plays you think the coach should run next from the bleachers and to get in the game instead. In short, put your money where your mouth is. Its easy to play Monday morning quarterback because the game is played on Sunday.
