	Everytime ive ever designated an amount of time to "coming up with an idea", i was ususally met with frustration.  Id sit at my desk after making coffee, id have organized my desktop before doing so, I'd take a deep breath and wait.  Id wait the same way I used to wait for the school bus as a kid. Id stare towards the end of my street, anticipating seeing the large yellow bus swing onto the street where i lived, and time would slow down to a crawl. The bus would eventually pull onto my street, ironically, much to my dissapointment having never really liked school, but nevertheless, it never didnt show up.  Well this would not ben the case when waiting for an idea to swing into my brain. 
	Eventuaslly after maybe 15 minutes that felt like hours, id get up from my desk, and start doing something else. And that something paid the price almost always. Its never a good idea to begin a project or task while frustrated. I have more open projects than id like to admit in having to account for that. 
		The idea for Simulacrums Whisper came from the rsult of watching youtube videos on the current political state of the country i live in , America. As Ii watched my country divide, and tear itself apart both literally and figuratively, I began to think about its failures. The people in this great country lost their way. We were quick to blame the government and our elected officials, never stopping to consider that we were living in a country where we could do that. America, a country built on debate and acceptance, on pride and humility had become a nation where debate was a thing of the past replaced by internet big mouths and self proclaimed political genius's.  And soon the silence turned into violence. Being 'right' became more important than being an American. Peronal opinion became to personal and political correctness became more important than law.  We spent our time trying to not hurt the feelings of others, which on the surface sounds like respect and good manners, but it is only defined as such when the list of demands isnt compromising our rghts and fueling resentment.  The internet had become a bad neighborhood. It became a place where people could hurt other people and remain safe in doing so. We as humans were not mature enough for the internet.  Like a child who found his dads pistol and beins waving it around like his favorite toy. 
			And as i watched a country become unhinged, I watched its enemies celebrate it.  And jsut like that, the idea came to me for the simulation. i found myself asking the same question in my head. If you think you can create a better way to govern, the do it, dont just be a Monday morning quarterback, and dont just sit in the cheap seats yelling plays onto the field as if you were the coach, then critisize the caoch after every failed play his team executes. Put on a uniform, tie your cleats and get in the game. Otherswise, be quiet so the rest of us can enjoy the game. In short, put your money where your mouth is because the game is hard enough without having to listen to some hecklar in the back row. Simulacrums Whisper is a sand box for ideas.  And im very intersted in seeing your ideas, just not screamed at me from the bleachers during the secon half of a close game.  So create yor government. Have fun in doing so, and get in the game instead of just complaining about it.
